Well we've taken a look at using the grease pencil to draw out the typology of our low poly mesh.
We've also taken a look at using the snap tools.
Let's now take a look at one more of Blender's right apology tools.
And that's the shrink wrap modifier.
So with this modifier we can create an object and then actually shrink it down to the character so a
good candidate for that I think would be the legs so let's try that.
I'm going to come over here to the Create tab and create a new cylinder and for this I don't need 32
sides maybe 12 and I'll turn the cap fell off by choosing nothing and I'm going to go ahead and use
this depth field on my click and drag in this to make it a little bit taller.
And maybe I'll use the radius to make it a little bit wider as well.
I'm going to bring it up and kind of put it over one of the legs here.
I'll also go to the four port view by pressing control alt Q And that'll give me this four window view.
And this'll just make it a little easier I think to put that piece over the leg.
So something like this.
I mean rotated a bit.
I'm just going to try and get it over the leg without any of the pieces of the leg sticking out.
And we go in also I think I'm going to tap into edit mode and press control r and insert some edge loops
here maybe let me try 6 edge loops here.
Click.
I'm going to press control alt cue to go back to the single view.
And now what I can do is I can add a modifier here to this object and I'll add the shrinkwrapped modifier
and this panel now gives me the option to choose what object I want to shrink this to.
Now I've named all of my objects and one of them here is character.
So I'll pull this down and choose character.
And that allows that object to shrink to fit that piece of the character.
So if I come over here to the object window I can scroll down and choose x ray and you can see how it's
fit or shrunk to the object.
That's kind of cool.
And if I hit the tab key you can still see the original shape of the object.
So now what I want to do is come back to the modifiers panel and just click apply and that will allow
that to apply to that object.
And now there's my low poly mesh for the leg.
Now I'd like to mirror this over to the other side.
To do that I need to move the pivot point down to the center of the grid or the 3D cursor here.
So I'll just come over to the Tools panel here and set the origin of this object down to the 3D cursor.
Now I can add a new modifier to that.
The mere modifier and that'll mirror that over to the air.
So now we have our legs read apologized.
Let's try that again with the tunic here.
I'm going to come over to my object panel and turn off x ray for a moment and I could even select this
and move them over to the third layer where I have my other low poly objects so I'll just press em and
move it to the third layer.
We go.
So now all of the read typology is kind of over here in one layer.
I've got the clothes and accessories on another.
And then the character here.
So let's work on the little tunic here for this once again I'll just create a cylinder and I'll use
the settings over here to adjust the size so the radius could be bigger and the depth could be a little
bit smaller there.
So try this
and I'll just try and get this to size.
And we go something like that and I'm going to need some cross sections in this so a press control r
and scroll the mouse wheel some.
And let's go with let's go with four here.
All right so now let's shrink that.
I'll add the shrinkwrap modifier.
And this object I have named tunic middles so I'll choose that scroll down here to tunic middle and
there we go.
Now if I turn on x ray we can see it there Lastly let me try one of these boots.
I'll go through the same process here.
I'll create a new cylinder
reduce the radius a bit.
Increase the depth so it will fit around one of these boots.
I'll increase the resolution some scroll the mouse wheel till I get a good number of Poly's here I think
probably that should work.
I'll then select that object.
Add the shrinkwrap modifier and this particular object is named Well Boots.
OK so I'll choose that from the list here.
And that'll shrink that down.
Let's take a look at that with x ray.
That's not bad.
I may need to add an edge loop right in here to give us a little more detail along the rim of the boot.
I'll go ahead and apply that modifier and then tap into edit mode and right in here.
I think I would need to add an edge right in here and then shrink that down a bit something like that
so that it has the hint of that edge to it.
I think what I can do is select this row of edges here is that there's four here and then four here.
And let's take those and just extrude down like that one more time maybe right down here like this.
And then we should be able to select this row of edges now and perhaps begin moving them forward.
So I'll hit it for extrude and let's move this forward some like that and I'll just begin snapping these
points to the boot.
All right.
With those snapped to the boot I can then take this now.
And extrude it forward again so I'll hit the and move this forward some maybe shrink it down a bit the
next one I'm going to go ahead and turn off the snapping tool and select this edge and I'll go ahead
and extrude it forward.
Eek he likes to put it forward here and I'll just do a little bit of adjustment without the snapping
tools for now
and Alex Strood again move this forward and scale it down a bit.
And maybe one more
we can look at this and see how to close up the toe here to do that.
I think I'm going to take this to that layer 3 so I'll press him and layer 3 and just look at it in
isolation here.
Now there's a lot of different ways you can seal this up.
I think what I'm going to do is take these four faces excuse me these four edges and extrude these down
to the next row.
And hook these up like this.
So all these points and press all to him and at last
and then I'll select this whole row again and do the same thing again just move these we go.
All right there is a boot so I'll select this edge here and then all shift select this edge.
And now I should be able to press control key and then choose bridge loops.
And there we go.
Now we've connected up the leg and the boots.
So of course I could just press l over here and choose X and faces to get rid of that and then just
mirror this again.
And I've got the legs and the boots.
All right.
So we're moving along.
We've got the boots the legs the little tunic thing still got a lot more work to do.
But I think we're progressing nicely.